docs: model to change collection types for Java models (#579)
asyncapi/modelina: docs/languages/Java.md

<!-- tocstop -->

## Include equals function for the class

To overwrite the `equal` method, use the preset `JAVA_COMMON_PRESET` and provide the option `equal: true`.

Check out this [example for a live demonstration](../../examples/java-generate-equals).

## Include hashCode function for the class

TODO

## Change the collection type for arrays

> Sometimes, we might want to render the collections as `List` type. To do so, prove the option `collectionType: 'List'`.

Reviewer: Maybe something along the lines of this is better 🤔 :
```suggestion
Sometimes, we might want to render a different collection type, and instead of the default `Array` use `List` type. To do so, provide the option `collectionType: 'List'`.
```
